README.md, before:

# TroyBot
This bot name was taken from Shroud's dog, Troy the German Shepherd - Siberian Husky mix.

Made by:
- Maple#1337
- D&Darkrai#5300
- killereks#0960
- SteelPenguin87#2302

### Plain instructions

1. Make sure you've installed [Python 3.6 64 bit](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.6.5/python-3.6.5-amd64.exe). During installation:
   - Select "Add Python to PATH"
   - Make sure pip is included in the installation
2. Open Rocket League
3. Download or clone this repository
3. In the files from the previous step, find and double click on run-gui.bat
4. Click the 'Run' button


## Notes

- Bot behavior is controlled by `src/code.py`

- Bot appearance is controlled by `src/appearance.cfg`

- `run.py` runs the whole match execution, while all "bots code" is managed under `rlbot.cfg`

- Inside `rlbot.cfg`, bots code are included inside `src/config.cfg` which eventually links to `src/appearance.cfg` and `src/code.py`, where the appearance and behaviour is controlled.

- Hence, do not modify anything apart from `src/~`

## Important note
Always use working branch for any future works, and release branch to release the working bot

See https://github.com/RLBot/RLBotPythonExample/wiki for documentation and tutorials.

Commit message:

README and syntax error update
pip and rlbot installation for Win10, syntax error on code.py fix

README.md, after:

# TroyBot
This bot name was taken from Shroud's dog, Troy the German Shepherd - Siberian Husky mix.

Made by:
- Maple#1337
- D&Darkrai#5300
- killereks#0960
- SteelPenguin87#2302

### Plain instructions

1. Make sure you've installed [Python 3.6 64 bit](https://www.python.org/ftp/python/3.6.5/python-3.6.5-amd64.exe). During installation:
   - Select "Add Python to PATH"
   - Make sure pip is included in the installation
2. Open Rocket League
3. Download or clone this repository
3. In the files from the previous step, find and double click on run-gui.bat
   - If you encountered some error inside the commandline, update to the latest pip if you're being asked (cmd should show you how to do it), and then execute `pip install rlbot` to install rlbot packet
4. Click the 'Run' button


## Notes

- Bot behavior is controlled by `src/code.py`

- Bot appearance is controlled by `src/appearance.cfg`

- `run.py` runs the whole match execution, while all "bots code" is managed under `rlbot.cfg`

- Inside `rlbot.cfg`, bots code are included inside `src/config.cfg` which eventually links to `src/appearance.cfg` and `src/code.py`, where the appearance and behaviour is controlled.

- Hence, do not modify anything apart from `src/~`

## Important note
Always use working branch for any future works, and release branch to release the working bot

See https://github.com/RLBot/RLBotPythonExample/wiki for documentation and tutorials.
